Describe your allocation strategy (first-fit, best-fit, worst-fit, ...)
My memory allocator is first-fit, it the free node one by one in order and will allocate
the memory once a suitable place is found.  

Why did you pick this strategy?
The first-fit policy has less cases to consider and is clearest to understand and implement.
This policy satisfies allocation of any size of memory if we have space and don't need to
reallocate memory. It can reduce the internal memory fraction problems and save memory by producing less waste parts.
However, once we have high-freqency allocation, it will produce a lot of external fraction.


Describe a scenario in which best-fit will do better than first-fit
Consider a micro heap of 64 bytes. First we fill it by allocating one 32 
and two 16 byte blocks in that order. Then we free all blocks. There are 
now three free blocks in the heap, one 32 byte and two 16 byte ones.
Using first fit, we allocate one 16 byte block. We do it using the 32 byte
block (because it is first in the heap!) and the remainder 16 bytes of that 
block is split into a new free block. So there are one 16 byte allocated block 
at the beginning of the heap and then three free 16 bytes block.
We can't allocate 32 bytes now for first-fit, but we can do it by using best-fit.
When we were searching for a free block to use for our 16 byte allocation, 
we would have skipped over the 32 byte block at the beginning of the heap and 
instead picked the 16 byte block after it. That would have preserved the 32 byte block for larger allocations.

Describe a scenario in which worst-fit will do better than best-fit
In worst fit approach is to locate largest available free portion so that the portion 
left will be big enough to be useful. It reduces the rate of production of small gaps,
because worst-fit will take most of the memory for using and produce less gaps.

- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8401665/why-would-anyone-use-best-fit-memory-allocation
- http://thumbsup2life.blogspot.com/2011/02/best-fit-first-fit-and-worst-fit-memory.html
